the most important factors of a situation that you have to consider. Um,
of course, it depends on what thing you're talking about. If you're
talking about a job, then, um, let's say there's a casualty. You
have to look at the severity. You have to look at how many people are
there? Um, if it's, ah, conversation, you have to look at the, um,
the personal, the personality of the person that you're talking to.
Um, Is it someone who's gonna tend to cry? Is that someone who's gonna
be emotional? Um so whatever situation you're looking at, um, just
think about the past and think about the way that you can, um, do
the right thing without getting without making the situation worse.
Um, that's what we as chiefs tend to do most of the time, were moderators,
right. Um, there could be two people arguing, and we're the
type of people have to be the type of person that can come in and break
up a fight. Now, people do that in high school, you know, and like,
if you were the type of person that could, like, grab a person to
the left, to the right say, Hey, think about it. You know, then, um
then you could be a chief. I'm not saying that you have to be able
to do that as a as a chief, but there's some power being e seven and
above, right. You could get in trouble if you try to attack me, or
you can lose your rank, you can lose your money. Right? So it doesn't
really matter what type of chief you are. You could be the newest
chief on board. You could have been achieved for, like 20 years for
10 years. And no matter what most of the enlisted people respect you
respect your rank, respect your authority. So you have some power
toe to break things up and toe, make the situation correct When you're
doing counseling, uh, they respect your words. Um, it's because of
all the chiefs that have come before us that have put that situation,
um, into the navy, So